hello small today I will tell you the
history of the hen of the eggs of
today
there was once in a very distant village a
man who had several chickens all
the mornings he got up very early and
he searched among the corral nests for
eggs that the hens had put
one morning he discovered that one of his
chickens had put a golden egg in
that amazement for what he saw in his eyes
and he ran to tell his wife
since that day the farmer and his wife
they collected without fail a golden egg all
the days starting with cute cookie dipping
bring the best corn grains or
feed this chick
the big Friday his wife and the hen
of the golden eggs were very
happy but those that were nothing
happy were the other garages of the
corral saw the clokey hen again
one of those eggs that give him so much
farmer is tired that the woman of
farmer worry more about this morning
that she
then I was expecting a nightfall and
making a great effort all the
chickens beat their wings and left
flying to the neighboring farm where it
installed with another group of chickens
that they lived there
when the next day dawned
Farmer and his wife were author
usual to collect the golden egg
but later when they started looking
the normal eggs were found with
a surprise
but this is not any new use of the
chickens where the whales were played
secure in the twill with the coyote what
It was good that it was not convenient to extract
hen of the eggs of things like that
it matters that we only have one chicken left
at the end it is the most valuable and the most
we want in addition to the golden eggs that
we have can buy all the
chickens that we want I'm going to get wet and not
you think that the whole chicken inside is
of gold if we take them out we can be more
rich than any other farmer of the
region
we should kill her to get all the
gold that happens and we run out of air and
without golden eggs
but the farmer did not pay attention to his
daughter and without giving the opportunity to another
thing like yesterday and with a huge
knife
and what would not be his surprise when
discovered what the hen had
inside
for this chicken does not have a granite
gold in the belly and see
while the farmer and his wife
they lamented their luck something happened in
the neighboring farm
they already found out what happened in the
farm where we lived
I imagine that his wife
what happened to them now
OK
and in a beat of wings they returned all
the hens to their old farm when
they saw them the farmer and his wife arrive
they shouted for joy and promised
take care of them and feed them better than
hen of the golden ways so that
were happy and never a single
they were abandoned and colorado colorado the
story of the parrot's hen
Y